_guitars/amathone.md, before:

---
layout: guitar
title: Amathone
model: Amathone
permalink: /guitars/amathone
url: /guitars/amathone
mainImg: /assets/img/guitars/amathone_jazz.png
height: 160px
description: Best handmande jazz guitar
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Carved Hollow body.",
        "System: \"Bolt-on-neck\".",
        "Number of the strings: 6.",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 2 Humbuckers."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Shape: Oval.  ",
        "Neck setting: 5 points.",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Head: Graphite and wood with reinforcement to avoid breaks.",
        "Frets: 22 mid jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Sapelly wood. (Picture) (See options).",
        "Top: Curly Maple. (Picture) (See options).",
        "Ergonomic molded body. (Pat)."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 Humbuckers covered custom WH .",
        "Pickups setting: WH/Combi System (Pat).",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume control: 1 (Push/Pull: Single/Double).",
        "Tone control: 1 (Push/Pull: Phase/ Out of phase).",
        "Pickups selector: 3 positions. ",
        "Air control. (Pat)."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Machine head: Schaller. Locking M6 mini top mount.",
        "Nut: Compensated locking nut (Earvana system).",
        "Bridge: Steg-Hannes by Schaller.",
        "Strap locks Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Knobs: Wood.",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼\"."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 24, 75\" (628,650 mm).",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Nut width: 1, 70\" (43.1800 mm).",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75\" (19,0500mm).",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0, 90\" (22,8600mm).",
        "Heel width: 2, 20\" (55,8800mm).",
        "Total length: 35, 83\" (910mm)..",
        "Maximum width: 12, 40\" (315 mm).",
        "Maximum thickness: 3, 346\" (85 mm).",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 4’ 13\" (105 mm.)",
        "Weight: 4,200 Kg. (9, 26 lb) (Depending on the materials) (Picture).",
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Suitcase: Fiberglas included.",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth included.",
        "Logo: Engraved on the body.",
        "Brand: Engraved on the body. ",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Cable: Silent type. ",
        "Finish: Natural - Satin.",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Aluminium."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Name & Owner’s code engraved. ",
        "GPS"
    ]

]
---

Commit message:

Add description and woods stack

_guitars/amathone.md, after:

---
layout: guitar
title: Amathone
model: Amathone
description: Initially conceived as a Jazz guitar, the Amathone, due to its characteristics, is a versatile and reliable guitar, as out of the ordinary
permalink: /guitars/amathone
url: /guitars/amathone
mainImg: /assets/img/guitars/amathone_jazz.png
height: 160px
description: Best handmande jazz guitar
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Carved Hollow body.",
        "System: \"Bolt-on-neck\".",
        "Number of the strings: 6.",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 2 Humbuckers."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Shape: Oval.  ",
        "Neck setting: 5 points.",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Head: Graphite and wood with reinforcement to avoid breaks.",
        "Frets: 22 mid jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Sapelly wood. (Picture) (See options).",
        "Top: Curly Maple. (Picture) (See options).",
        "Ergonomic molded body. (Pat)."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 Humbuckers covered custom WH .",
        "Pickups setting: WH/Combi System (Pat).",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume control: 1 (Push/Pull: Single/Double).",
        "Tone control: 1 (Push/Pull: Phase/ Out of phase).",
        "Pickups selector: 3 positions. ",
        "Air control. (Pat)."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Machine head: Schaller. Locking M6 mini top mount.",
        "Nut: Compensated locking nut (Earvana system).",
        "Bridge: Steg-Hannes by Schaller.",
        "Strap locks Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Knobs: Wood.",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼\"."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 24, 75\" (628,650 mm).",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Nut width: 1, 70\" (43.1800 mm).",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75\" (19,0500mm).",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0, 90\" (22,8600mm).",
        "Heel width: 2, 20\" (55,8800mm).",
        "Total length: 35, 83\" (910mm)..",
        "Maximum width: 12, 40\" (315 mm).",
        "Maximum thickness: 3, 346\" (85 mm).",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 4’ 13\" (105 mm.)",
        "Weight: 4,200 Kg. (9, 26 lb) (Depending on the materials) (Picture).",
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Suitcase: Fiberglas included.",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth included.",
        "Logo: Engraved on the body.",
        "Brand: Engraved on the body. ",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Cable: Silent type. ",
        "Finish: Natural - Satin.",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Aluminium."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Name & Owner’s code engraved. ",
        "GPS"
    ]

]
---
