_guitars/guayacanne.md, before:

---
layout: guitar
title: Guayacanne
model: Guayacanne
permalink: /guitars/guayacanne
url: /guitars/guayacanne
mainImg: /assets/img/guitars/guayacanne.png
height: 160px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body.",
        "System: “bolt-on-neck.",
        "Number of the strings: 6.",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2. ",
        "Electronic configuration: 3 pickups. S-S-H: 2 Single + 1 Humbucker"
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Machine head: Schaller auto locking M6 mini top mount (Standard or Ruthenium).",
        "Neck: Mono block. Graphite composite.",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel) ",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points.",
        "Setting System: Weiss/set System with isolation to avoid frequencies of cancellation (Pat). ",
        "Head: Graphite and Maple with reinforcement to avoid breaks. ",
        "Nut: Graph tech. Adjustable compensated (Earvana type).  ",
        "Frets: 22 mid jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board). ",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Top: Ipé.",
        "Body: Curly Cedar.",
        "Ergonomic moulded body. (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 Single coil custom handmade WH + 1 HG Humbucker WH  ",
        "Pickups setting:  2 Floating direct to the body. 1WH System (Pat).",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume control: 1 Push/Pull (Single/Double coil) ",
        "Tone control: 1 Push/Pull (Center pickup Phase/Out of phase).",
        "Pickups selector: 3 Mini switches."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Machine head: Schaller M6 mini top mount.",
        "Bridge: Carbon fiber/Ruthenium Steg – Hannes by Schaller. ",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush Mount 1401-n.",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed knobs by Schaller. ",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼”.",
        "Nut: Graph Tech. Compensated (Type: Earvana System)."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 24, 75” (628,650 mm.",
        "Radius: 16” (406,400 mm).",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Nut width: 1, 70” (43.18 mm).",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75” (19,05mm).",
        "Depth at 12th fret: 0, 90” (22,86mm).",
        "Heel width: 2, 20” (55,88mm).",
        "Total length:  37, 417” (925 mm.)",
        "Maximum width: 13, 19” (335 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 751” (44, 5 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2, 185” (55, 5 mm.)",
        "Weight: 3, 85 kg (8, 48 lb) (Depending on the materials)"
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH. ",
        "Strap: Exclusive WH.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik Silent type.",
        "Logo: Silver.",
        "Brand: Engraved.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Finish: White Gloss. (Picture)",
        "Limited warranty: 20 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Robinia, Ash, Rosewood, Curly Cherry, Ovangkol, Curly Maple, Wenge, Bolondo, Bubinga, Erable, Mahogany, Sapelly, Spanish Oak, Cyprus, Curly Cedar, Dabema.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán ,Black  Guayacán , Rosewood,  Wenge , Urunday (Gonçalo Alves), Erable,  Bubinga, Cocobolo, Pau Ferro, Ipé, Purpleheart, Curly Maple, Bossé, Flamed Maple), Hard Maple, Spanish Oak, American Oak."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Suhr, di Marzio, Seymour Duncan, EMG, WH, Entwistle, Bartolini.",
        "Active Preamp. Increases the signal 20db.",
        "Piezo and Preamp: Flag by Schaller."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Tremolo Kahler 2300",
        "Pegs: Ebony.",
        "Finish: Chrome, Ruthenium, Black.",
        "Nut; Metallic. Copensated locking (Type: Earvana)."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural satin. Natural Bright Satin, Gloss."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound. Dean Markley. Aurora."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Aluminium ",
    ],
    [
        "LOGO",
        "Engraved"
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Owner’s code engraved"
    ],
]
---

Commit message:

Add description and woods stack

_guitars/guayacanne.md, after:

---
layout: guitar
title: Guayacanne
model: Guayacanne
description: As chameleonic and reliable as all Weisse Hügel instruments, the Guayacane, for its aesthetics, is the most conventional of the brand
permalink: /guitars/guayacanne
url: /guitars/guayacanne
mainImg: /assets/img/guitars/guayacanne.png
height: 160px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body.",
        "System: “bolt-on-neck.",
        "Number of the strings: 6.",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2. ",
        "Electronic configuration: 3 pickups. S-S-H: 2 Single + 1 Humbucker"
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Machine head: Schaller auto locking M6 mini top mount (Standard or Ruthenium).",
        "Neck: Mono block. Graphite composite.",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel) ",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points.",
        "Setting System: Weiss/set System with isolation to avoid frequencies of cancellation (Pat). ",
        "Head: Graphite and Maple with reinforcement to avoid breaks. ",
        "Nut: Graph tech. Adjustable compensated (Earvana type).  ",
        "Frets: 22 mid jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board). ",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Top: Ipé.",
        "Body: Curly Cedar.",
        "Ergonomic moulded body. (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 Single coil custom handmade WH + 1 HG Humbucker WH  ",
        "Pickups setting:  2 Floating direct to the body. 1WH System (Pat).",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume control: 1 Push/Pull (Single/Double coil) ",
        "Tone control: 1 Push/Pull (Center pickup Phase/Out of phase).",
        "Pickups selector: 3 Mini switches."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Machine head: Schaller M6 mini top mount.",
        "Bridge: Carbon fiber/Ruthenium Steg – Hannes by Schaller. ",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush Mount 1401-n.",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed knobs by Schaller. ",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼”.",
        "Nut: Graph Tech. Compensated (Type: Earvana System)."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 24, 75” (628,650 mm.",
        "Radius: 16” (406,400 mm).",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Nut width: 1, 70” (43.18 mm).",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75” (19,05mm).",
        "Depth at 12th fret: 0, 90” (22,86mm).",
        "Heel width: 2, 20” (55,88mm).",
        "Total length:  37, 417” (925 mm.)",
        "Maximum width: 13, 19” (335 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 751” (44, 5 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2, 185” (55, 5 mm.)",
        "Weight: 3, 85 kg (8, 48 lb) (Depending on the materials)"
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH. ",
        "Strap: Exclusive WH.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik Silent type.",
        "Logo: Silver.",
        "Brand: Engraved.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Finish: White Gloss. (Picture)",
        "Limited warranty: 20 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Robinia, Ash, Rosewood, Curly Cherry, Ovangkol, Curly Maple, Wenge, Bolondo, Bubinga, Erable, Mahogany, Sapelly, Spanish Oak, Cyprus, Curly Cedar, Dabema.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán ,Black  Guayacán , Rosewood,  Wenge , Urunday (Gonçalo Alves), Erable,  Bubinga, Cocobolo, Pau Ferro, Ipé, Purpleheart, Curly Maple, Bossé, Flamed Maple), Hard Maple, Spanish Oak, American Oak."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Suhr, di Marzio, Seymour Duncan, EMG, WH, Entwistle, Bartolini.",
        "Active Preamp. Increases the signal 20db.",
        "Piezo and Preamp: Flag by Schaller."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Tremolo Kahler 2300",
        "Pegs: Ebony.",
        "Finish: Chrome, Ruthenium, Black.",
        "Nut; Metallic. Copensated locking (Type: Earvana)."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural satin. Natural Bright Satin, Gloss."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound. Dean Markley. Aurora."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Aluminium ",
    ],
    [
        "LOGO",
        "Engraved"
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Owner’s code engraved"
    ],
]
---
