_guitars/koralle.md, before:

---
layout: guitar
title: Koralle
model: Koralle
permalink: /guitars/koralle
url: /guitars/koralle
mainImg: /assets/img/guitars/koralle.png
height: 130px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body.",
        "System \"bolt-on-neck\".",
        "Number of the strings: 6.",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: H-S-H."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono block. Graphite composite.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points.",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set System with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Head: Graphite, Black Locust & Dabema with reinforcement to avoid breaks.",
        "Frets: 24 mid jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Black Locust .",
        "Top: Dabema.",
        "Ergonomic moulded body. (Pat)."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Electronics: Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 high gain custom Humbuckers WH1 + 1 Single coil Bartolini.",
        "Pickups setting: 2 WH System (Pat), 1 direct to the body.",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1 (Push/Pull – Out of phase Pickup single coil) + 1 (Push/Pull On/=Off Pickup Single coil)",
        "Mini-switches: 2 (! Per Pickup - Single/Double coil)",
        "Tone: 1 (Push/Pull-   Out of phase).",
        "Pickups selector: 3 Positions."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Machine head: Schaller. Locking mini M6 top mount (Standard).",
        "Bridge: Tremolo/Schaller Lockmeister C Floyd Rose system. Bidirectional. With micro tuners.",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n  ",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed knobs by Schaller.",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack  ¼\".",
        "Nut: Compensated locking nut (Type: Earvana system)."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 24, 75\" (628,650 mm).  ",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm).",
        "Shape: Oval.* Nut width: 1, 70\" (43.18 mm).",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75\" (19,05mm).",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0, 90\" (22,86mm).",
        "Heel width: 2, 20\" (55,88mm).",
        "Total length: 35, 83\" (910mm).",
        "Maximum width: 12, 40\" (315 mm).",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 77\" (45 mm).",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2,40\" (61 mm.)",
        "Weight: &, 89 lb (3,10 kg) (Picture)."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Exclusive bag included.",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth included.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent type.",
        "Logo: Engraved.",
        "Brand: Engraved.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Finish: Satin - Golden Carnaolva .",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Robinia, Ash, Rosewood, Curly Cherry, Ovangkol, Curly Maple, Wenge, Bolondo, Bubinga, Erable, Mahogany, Sapelly, Spanish Oak, Cyprus, Curly Cedar, Dabema.",
        "Top:  Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black  Guayacán , Rosewood,  Wenge , Urunday (Gonçalo Alves), Erable,  Bubinga, Cocobolo, Pau Ferro, Ipé, Purpleheart, Curly Maple, Bossé, Flamed Maple, Hard Maple, Spanish Oak, American Oak."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Suhr, di Marzio, Seymour Duncan, EMG, WH, Entwistle, Bartolini.  ",
        "Active Preamp. Increases the signal 20db."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Custom. Aluminium."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Owner’s code engraved.",
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---

Commit message:

Add description and woods stack

_guitars/koralle.md, after:

---
layout: guitar
title: Koralle
model: Koralle
description: The Koralle series was the first of Weisse Hügel. In it was reflected everything that would give rise to the other series of the brand
permalink: /guitars/koralle
url: /guitars/koralle
mainImg: /assets/img/guitars/koralle.png
height: 130px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body.",
        "System \"bolt-on-neck\".",
        "Number of the strings: 6.",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: H-S-H."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono block. Graphite composite.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points.",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set System with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Head: Graphite, Black Locust & Dabema with reinforcement to avoid breaks.",
        "Frets: 24 mid jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Black Locust .",
        "Top: Dabema.",
        "Ergonomic moulded body. (Pat)."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Electronics: Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 high gain custom Humbuckers WH1 + 1 Single coil Bartolini.",
        "Pickups setting: 2 WH System (Pat), 1 direct to the body.",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1 (Push/Pull – Out of phase Pickup single coil) + 1 (Push/Pull On/=Off Pickup Single coil)",
        "Mini-switches: 2 (! Per Pickup - Single/Double coil)",
        "Tone: 1 (Push/Pull-   Out of phase).",
        "Pickups selector: 3 Positions."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Machine head: Schaller. Locking mini M6 top mount (Standard).",
        "Bridge: Tremolo/Schaller Lockmeister C Floyd Rose system. Bidirectional. With micro tuners.",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n  ",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed knobs by Schaller.",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack  ¼\".",
        "Nut: Compensated locking nut (Type: Earvana system)."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 24, 75\" (628,650 mm).  ",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm).",
        "Shape: Oval.* Nut width: 1, 70\" (43.18 mm).",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75\" (19,05mm).",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0, 90\" (22,86mm).",
        "Heel width: 2, 20\" (55,88mm).",
        "Total length: 35, 83\" (910mm).",
        "Maximum width: 12, 40\" (315 mm).",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 77\" (45 mm).",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2,40\" (61 mm.)",
        "Weight: &, 89 lb (3,10 kg) (Picture)."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Exclusive bag included.",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth included.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent type.",
        "Logo: Engraved.",
        "Brand: Engraved.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Finish: Satin - Golden Carnaolva .",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Robinia, Ash, Rosewood, Curly Cherry, Ovangkol, Curly Maple, Wenge, Bolondo, Bubinga, Erable, Mahogany, Sapelly, Spanish Oak, Cyprus, Curly Cedar, Dabema.",
        "Top:  Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black  Guayacán , Rosewood,  Wenge , Urunday (Gonçalo Alves), Erable,  Bubinga, Cocobolo, Pau Ferro, Ipé, Purpleheart, Curly Maple, Bossé, Flamed Maple, Hard Maple, Spanish Oak, American Oak."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Suhr, di Marzio, Seymour Duncan, EMG, WH, Entwistle, Bartolini.  ",
        "Active Preamp. Increases the signal 20db."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Custom. Aluminium."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Owner’s code engraved.",
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---
