_guitars/no_denial.md, before:

---
layout: guitar
title: No denial
model: No denial
permalink: /guitars/no-denial
url: /guitars/no-denial
mainImg: /assets/img/guitars/no_denial.png
height: 140px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body.",
        "System: \"Bolt-on-neck\". ",
        "Number of the strings: 6. ",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 3 Pickups: 2 Humbuckers + 1 Type “T”"
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points. ",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set System with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Head: Graphite, Curly Cedar and Tiger wood. Reinforced to avoid breaks.",
        "Frets: 24 mid-jumbo. Stainless Steel. ",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board). ",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck).* Nut: Graphtech. Compensated. Adjustable. Earvana system."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Alder. (Picture – See options)",
        "Top: 2 plies of Tiger wood. (Picture – See options)",
        "Pick guard. African Blackwood (Grenadilla). (Picture – See options)",
        "Ergonomic molded body. (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 Humbuckers WH + 1 Type”T”.",
        "Pickups setting: Humbuckers WH System – Type “T”, Direct to body (Floating)",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises. "
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Pickups selector: 3 positions:
        Position 1: Neck Pickup.
        Position 2: Neck Pickup + Bridge Pickup.
        Position 3: Bridge Pickup.",
        "Volume: 1(Push/Pull – Single/Double Neck Pickup)",
        "Tone: 1 (Push/Pull – Single/Double Bridge Pickup)",
        "Volume “T” Type Pickup(Push/Pull - Out of phase “T” Type/ Humbuckers) "
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Machine head: Schaller auto locking M6 mini top mount (Standard or Ruthenium). ",
        "Bridge: Steg – Hannes by Schaller. ",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush Mount 1401-n.",
        "Pickups setting: WH System (Pat).",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed knobs by Schaller. ",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼\".",
        "Nut: Graph Tech. Adjustable. Compensated (Type: Earvana System).",
        "String setting: Through the body."
    ],


    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 24, 75\" (628,650 mm).",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm).",
        "Shape: Oval. *Nut width: 1, 70\" (43,18 mm).",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75\" (19,05mm).",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0, 90\" (22,86mm).",
        "Heel width: 2, 20\" (55,88mm).",
        "Total length: 35,862\" (910 mm.)",
        "Maximum width: 12, 99\" (330, 00 mm)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 38\" (35, 00 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2, 17\" (55 mm.)",
        "Weight: 3, 100 kg (6,82 lb) (Depending on the materials)"
    ],
    [
        "FINISH", 
        "Natural - Satin"
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH.",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Type Silent.",
        "Logo: Engraved,",
        "Brand: Engraved.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Finish: Bright Natural Satin (Picture – see options).",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years.",
        "Owners code engraved."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Red Cedar, Ash, Rosewood, Curly Cherry, Ovangkol, Curly Maple, Wenge, Bolondo, Bubinga, Erable, Mahogany, Sapelly, Spanish Walnut, Cyprus, Curly Cedar, Dabema.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black  Guayacán, Rosewood,  Wenge , Tiger wood, Erable,  Bubinga, Cocobolo, Pau Ferro, Ipé, Purpleheart, Mango, Sequoia, Curly Maple, Bossé, Flamed Maple, Hard Maple, Spanish Oak, American Oak."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "22 Frets"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: di Marzio, Seymour Duncan, EMG, WH, Bartolini.",
        "Piezo and Preamp: Flag by Schaller."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Pegs: Ebony.",
        "Finish: Chrome, Black, Ruthenium."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural satin, Natural Bright Satin, Gloss."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Optima. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound. Dean Markley."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Custom. Aluminium."
    ],
    [
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---

Commit message:

Add description and woods stack

_guitars/no_denial.md, after:

---
layout: guitar
title: No denial
model: No denial
description: Country, blues, rock... the No Denial is much more. Original in design and electronics can be adapted to any style without the slightest problem
permalink: /guitars/no-denial
url: /guitars/no-denial
mainImg: /assets/img/guitars/no_denial.png
height: 140px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body.",
        "System: \"Bolt-on-neck\". ",
        "Number of the strings: 6. ",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 3 Pickups: 2 Humbuckers + 1 Type “T”"
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points. ",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set System with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Head: Graphite, Curly Cedar and Tiger wood. Reinforced to avoid breaks.",
        "Frets: 24 mid-jumbo. Stainless Steel. ",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board). ",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck).* Nut: Graphtech. Compensated. Adjustable. Earvana system."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Alder. (Picture – See options)",
        "Top: 2 plies of Tiger wood. (Picture – See options)",
        "Pick guard. African Blackwood (Grenadilla). (Picture – See options)",
        "Ergonomic molded body. (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 Humbuckers WH + 1 Type”T”.",
        "Pickups setting: Humbuckers WH System – Type “T”, Direct to body (Floating)",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises. "
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Pickups selector: 3 positions:
        Position 1: Neck Pickup.
        Position 2: Neck Pickup + Bridge Pickup.
        Position 3: Bridge Pickup.",
        "Volume: 1(Push/Pull – Single/Double Neck Pickup)",
        "Tone: 1 (Push/Pull – Single/Double Bridge Pickup)",
        "Volume “T” Type Pickup(Push/Pull - Out of phase “T” Type/ Humbuckers) "
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Machine head: Schaller auto locking M6 mini top mount (Standard or Ruthenium). ",
        "Bridge: Steg – Hannes by Schaller. ",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush Mount 1401-n.",
        "Pickups setting: WH System (Pat).",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed knobs by Schaller. ",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼\".",
        "Nut: Graph Tech. Adjustable. Compensated (Type: Earvana System).",
        "String setting: Through the body."
    ],


    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 24, 75\" (628,650 mm).",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm).",
        "Shape: Oval. *Nut width: 1, 70\" (43,18 mm).",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75\" (19,05mm).",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0, 90\" (22,86mm).",
        "Heel width: 2, 20\" (55,88mm).",
        "Total length: 35,862\" (910 mm.)",
        "Maximum width: 12, 99\" (330, 00 mm)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 38\" (35, 00 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2, 17\" (55 mm.)",
        "Weight: 3, 100 kg (6,82 lb) (Depending on the materials)"
    ],
    [
        "FINISH", 
        "Natural - Satin"
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH.",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Type Silent.",
        "Logo: Engraved,",
        "Brand: Engraved.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Finish: Bright Natural Satin (Picture – see options).",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years.",
        "Owners code engraved."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Red Cedar, Ash, Rosewood, Curly Cherry, Ovangkol, Curly Maple, Wenge, Bolondo, Bubinga, Erable, Mahogany, Sapelly, Spanish Walnut, Cyprus, Curly Cedar, Dabema.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black  Guayacán, Rosewood,  Wenge , Tiger wood, Erable,  Bubinga, Cocobolo, Pau Ferro, Ipé, Purpleheart, Mango, Sequoia, Curly Maple, Bossé, Flamed Maple, Hard Maple, Spanish Oak, American Oak."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "22 Frets"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: di Marzio, Seymour Duncan, EMG, WH, Bartolini.",
        "Piezo and Preamp: Flag by Schaller."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Pegs: Ebony.",
        "Finish: Chrome, Black, Ruthenium."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural satin, Natural Bright Satin, Gloss."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Optima. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound. Dean Markley."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Custom. Aluminium."
    ],
    [
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---
