_basses/altehorn.md, before:

---
layout: guitar
title: Altehorn
model: Altehorn
permalink: /basses/altehorn
url: /basses/altehorn
mainImg: /assets/img/basses/altehorn_iv.png
height: 150px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body - Fretted.",
        "System: \"Bolt-on-neck\".",
        "Number of strings: 6.",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 2 Single coil."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite. ",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 8 points",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Head: Graphite, Maple & Bubinga. Reinforced to avoid breaks. (Picture -See options)",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Frets: 24 jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Bubinga. (See options)",
        "Top: Maple. (See options)",
        "Insertions: Bubinga and Wenge.",
        "Ergonomic moulded body (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Active and passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 JSBC by Delano.  (See options)",
        "Equalization: Three band active preamp 3 MS Sonar by Delano, plus custom low-pass filter. 
        (Option: Mini-switches to change the middle frequencies).", 
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼\".",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises."
    ],
    [
        "PREAMP SONAR 3 MS SPECIFICATIONS",
        "Input impedance: >1 MOhm>.",
        "Output impedance: 100 Ohm.",
        "Signal-to-noise ratio: -98db.",
        "Operating Voltage: +9V.",
        "Power consumption: 0,8mA."
    ],
    [
        "FRECUENCIES",
        "Bass: 40Hz.",
        "Middle options: 300Hz, 500 Hz, 800 Hz.",
        "Treble: 6, 5 KHz.",
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1.",
        "Pickups Selector: 1 Balance.",
        "Bass: 1. ",
        "Middle: 1.",
        "Treble: 1.",
        "Low pass filter: 1. (Optional: Micro-switches to change the middle frequencies).",
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Machine head: Auto-lubricated Mini by Schaller. ",
        "Bridge: Schaller 2000.",
        "Pickups Setting: Direct to the body. (Floating)",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed Knobs by Schaller.",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Strings setting: Direct to the bridge."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 34\" (863,600 mm.)",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm.)",
        "Nut width: 2, 0625\" (52, 3875 mm.)",
        "Depth at first fret:  0, 78\" (19,85 mm.)",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0,83\" (21,3360 mm* Heel width: 3,375\" (85, 7250 mm.)",
        "Total length: 47, 638\" (1.210 mm.) ",
        "Maximum width: 14, 88\" (371, 00 mm)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 63\" (41, 5 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2, 20\" (56 mm.)",
        "Weight: 5, 90 Kg. (13,09 lb.) (Depending on the materials) (Picture).",
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Finish: Natural satin. (Picture – See options)",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH. ",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth. ",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent Type",
        "Brand: Silver.",
        "Name of the brand: Engraved on the body.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Curly Cherry, Ash, Rosewood, Mahogany, Ovangkol, Spanish Oak, American Oak, Curly maple, Hakberry, Sucupira, Samanguila, Dabema, Wenge, Hard Maple, Bubinga, Erable, Dabema, Flamed Maple, Sapelly.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ipe, Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black Guayacán, Rosewood, Wenge , Tiger Wood, Erable,  Bubinga, Hard Maple, Cocobolo, Bosse, American Oak, Pau Ferro. Purple Wood. Curly Maple. Flamed Maple."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Bartolini, Delano, di Marzio, Bass Lines, EMG.",
        "Pre-amps: Bartolini, Aguilar. EMG, MEC."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Finish: Black, Chrome."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural Satin. Bright Natural Satin, Gloss, Carnaolva."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Fretless."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Optima. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound. Aurora."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Aluminium. Custom",
        "GPS"
    ]

]
---

Commit message:

Add description and woods stack

_basses/altehorn.md, after:

---
layout: guitar
title: Altehorn
model: Altehorn
description: The Altehorn series was conceived for the instrumentalist who seeks great definition in addition to design, originality and great timbre variety
permalink: /basses/altehorn
url: /basses/altehorn
mainImg: /assets/img/basses/altehorn_iv.png
height: 150px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body - Fretted.",
        "System: \"Bolt-on-neck\".",
        "Number of strings: 6.",
        "Machine head configuration: 4+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 2 Single coil."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite. ",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 8 points",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Head: Graphite, Maple & Bubinga. Reinforced to avoid breaks. (Picture -See options)",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Frets: 24 jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Bubinga. (See options)",
        "Top: Maple. (See options)",
        "Insertions: Bubinga and Wenge.",
        "Ergonomic moulded body (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Active and passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 JSBC by Delano.  (See options)",
        "Equalization: Three band active preamp 3 MS Sonar by Delano, plus custom low-pass filter. 
        (Option: Mini-switches to change the middle frequencies).", 
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼\".",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises."
    ],
    [
        "PREAMP SONAR 3 MS SPECIFICATIONS",
        "Input impedance: >1 MOhm>.",
        "Output impedance: 100 Ohm.",
        "Signal-to-noise ratio: -98db.",
        "Operating Voltage: +9V.",
        "Power consumption: 0,8mA."
    ],
    [
        "FRECUENCIES",
        "Bass: 40Hz.",
        "Middle options: 300Hz, 500 Hz, 800 Hz.",
        "Treble: 6, 5 KHz.",
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1.",
        "Pickups Selector: 1 Balance.",
        "Bass: 1. ",
        "Middle: 1.",
        "Treble: 1.",
        "Low pass filter: 1. (Optional: Micro-switches to change the middle frequencies).",
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Machine head: Auto-lubricated Mini by Schaller. ",
        "Bridge: Schaller 2000.",
        "Pickups Setting: Direct to the body. (Floating)",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed Knobs by Schaller.",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Strings setting: Direct to the bridge."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 34\" (863,600 mm.)",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm.)",
        "Nut width: 2, 0625\" (52, 3875 mm.)",
        "Depth at first fret:  0, 78\" (19,85 mm.)",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0,83\" (21,3360 mm* Heel width: 3,375\" (85, 7250 mm.)",
        "Total length: 47, 638\" (1.210 mm.) ",
        "Maximum width: 14, 88\" (371, 00 mm)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 63\" (41, 5 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2, 20\" (56 mm.)",
        "Weight: 5, 90 Kg. (13,09 lb.) (Depending on the materials) (Picture).",
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Finish: Natural satin. (Picture – See options)",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH. ",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth. ",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent Type",
        "Brand: Silver.",
        "Name of the brand: Engraved on the body.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Curly Cherry, Ash, Rosewood, Mahogany, Ovangkol, Spanish Oak, American Oak, Curly maple, Hakberry, Sucupira, Samanguila, Dabema, Wenge, Hard Maple, Bubinga, Erable, Dabema, Flamed Maple, Sapelly.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ipe, Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black Guayacán, Rosewood, Wenge , Tiger Wood, Erable,  Bubinga, Hard Maple, Cocobolo, Bosse, American Oak, Pau Ferro. Purple Wood. Curly Maple. Flamed Maple."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Bartolini, Delano, di Marzio, Bass Lines, EMG.",
        "Pre-amps: Bartolini, Aguilar. EMG, MEC."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Finish: Black, Chrome."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural Satin. Bright Natural Satin, Gloss, Carnaolva."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Fretless."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Optima. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound. Aurora."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Aluminium. Custom",
        "GPS"
    ]

]
---
