_basses/amathone_iv.md, before:

---
layout: guitar
title: Amathone
model: Amathone
permalink: /basses/amathone_iv
url: /basses/amathone_iv
mainImg: /assets/img/basses/amathone_iv.png
height: 120px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Carved - Hollow Body – Fretted.",
        "System: Bolt-on-neck.",
        "Number of strings: 4",
        "Machine head configuration: 2+2." , 
        "Electronic configuration: 2 Pickups. Type: Soap bars."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).", 
        "Head: Graphite, Zebrawood and Sapelly. Reinforced to avoid breaks. (Picture - See options)",
        "Frets: 24 jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Sapelly. (Picture – See options)",
        "Top: Ipé & Zebrawood. (Picture – See options)",
        "Insertions: Sapelly & Zebrawood (Picture - See options).",
        "Ergonomic molded body (Pat)",
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Active and Passive.", 
        "Pickups: 2 Passive Soap bars SBC 4 by Delano.",
        "Equalization: Three band active preamp 3 MS Sonar by Delano, plus custom low-pass filter.(Option: Mini-switches to change the middle frequencies).", 
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises.",
        "Female: Security locking Neutrik jack ¼\" NJ3FP6C."
    ],
    [

        "PREAMP SONAR 3 MS SPECIFICATIONS",
        "Input impedance: >1 MOhm>.",
        "Output impedance: 100 Ohm.",
        "Signal-to-noise ratio: -98db.",
        "Operating Voltage: +9V.",
        "Power consumption: 0,8mA."
    ],
    [
        "FREQUENCIES",
        "Bass: 40Hz.",
        "Middle options: 300Hz, 500 Hz, 800 Hz.",
        "Treble: 6, 5 KHz."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1. (Push/Pull - Active/Passive)",
        "Pickups Selector: 1 Balance.",
        "Bass: 1. ",
        "Middle: 1.",
        "Treble: 1.",
        "Low pass filter: 1.  (Optional: Micro-switches to change the middle frequencies). ",
        "Exclusive air control."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Machine head: Auto-lubricated Mini by Schaller. ",
        "Bridge: ABM 3705.",
        "Pickups Setting: Direct to the body (Floating)",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed Knobs by Schaller. ",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Strings setting: Direct to the bridge."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 34\" (863,600 mm.)",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm.)",
        "Nut width: 1, 62\" (41, 148 mm.)",
        "Depth at first fret: 0,75\" (19,05 mm.)",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0,84\" (22,86 mm.)",
        "Heel width: 2, 40\" (60, 96)",
        "Total length: 46, 26\" (1.175 mm.) ",
        "Maximum width: 15, 35\" (390 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness: 2, 91\" (74 mm.) ",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 3, 50\" (89 mm.)",
        "Weight: 5, 50 Kg. (12, 13 lb) (Depending on the materials) (Picture).",
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Finish: Natural satin. (Picture – See options)",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH. ",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth. ",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent Type",
        "Brand: Engraved",
        "Name of the Brand: Engraved on the body.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Spanish Oak, Sapelly.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ipe, Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black Guayacán, Rosewood, Wenge , Tiger Wood, Erable,  Bubinga, Dabema, Spanish Oak, Hard Maple, Cocobolo, Ipe, Bosse, American Oak, Pau Ferro, Zrebrawood, Black Guayacane, Purple Wood, Curly Maple, Curly Maple."
    ],
    [

        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Bartolini, Delano, di Marzio, Bass Lines, EMG.",
        "Pre-amps: Bartolini, Aguilar. EMG, MEC."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Finish: Black, Chrome.",
        "Slappbar: (Metal bar at the end of the neck to improve the \"slap\")."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural Sstin. Bright Natural Satin, Gloss, Carnaolva."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Fretless, 5 Strings, 6 Strings."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Aluminium. Custom.",
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---

Commit message:

Add description and woods stack

_basses/amathone_iv.md, after:

---
layout: guitar
title: Amathone
model: Amathone
description: The Amathone is the most acoustic of the WH basses. The possibility to control the behavior of the air it generates inside makes it unique
permalink: /basses/amathone_iv
url: /basses/amathone_iv
mainImg: /assets/img/basses/amathone_iv.png
height: 120px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Carved - Hollow Body – Fretted.",
        "System: Bolt-on-neck.",
        "Number of strings: 4",
        "Machine head configuration: 2+2." , 
        "Electronic configuration: 2 Pickups. Type: Soap bars."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).", 
        "Head: Graphite, Zebrawood and Sapelly. Reinforced to avoid breaks. (Picture - See options)",
        "Frets: 24 jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Sapelly. (Picture – See options)",
        "Top: Ipé & Zebrawood. (Picture – See options)",
        "Insertions: Sapelly & Zebrawood (Picture - See options).",
        "Ergonomic molded body (Pat)",
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Active and Passive.", 
        "Pickups: 2 Passive Soap bars SBC 4 by Delano.",
        "Equalization: Three band active preamp 3 MS Sonar by Delano, plus custom low-pass filter.(Option: Mini-switches to change the middle frequencies).", 
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises.",
        "Female: Security locking Neutrik jack ¼\" NJ3FP6C."
    ],
    [

        "PREAMP SONAR 3 MS SPECIFICATIONS",
        "Input impedance: >1 MOhm>.",
        "Output impedance: 100 Ohm.",
        "Signal-to-noise ratio: -98db.",
        "Operating Voltage: +9V.",
        "Power consumption: 0,8mA."
    ],
    [
        "FREQUENCIES",
        "Bass: 40Hz.",
        "Middle options: 300Hz, 500 Hz, 800 Hz.",
        "Treble: 6, 5 KHz."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1. (Push/Pull - Active/Passive)",
        "Pickups Selector: 1 Balance.",
        "Bass: 1. ",
        "Middle: 1.",
        "Treble: 1.",
        "Low pass filter: 1.  (Optional: Micro-switches to change the middle frequencies). ",
        "Exclusive air control."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Machine head: Auto-lubricated Mini by Schaller. ",
        "Bridge: ABM 3705.",
        "Pickups Setting: Direct to the body (Floating)",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed Knobs by Schaller. ",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Strings setting: Direct to the bridge."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 34\" (863,600 mm.)",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm.)",
        "Nut width: 1, 62\" (41, 148 mm.)",
        "Depth at first fret: 0,75\" (19,05 mm.)",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0,84\" (22,86 mm.)",
        "Heel width: 2, 40\" (60, 96)",
        "Total length: 46, 26\" (1.175 mm.) ",
        "Maximum width: 15, 35\" (390 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness: 2, 91\" (74 mm.) ",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 3, 50\" (89 mm.)",
        "Weight: 5, 50 Kg. (12, 13 lb) (Depending on the materials) (Picture).",
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Finish: Natural satin. (Picture – See options)",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH. ",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth. ",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent Type",
        "Brand: Engraved",
        "Name of the Brand: Engraved on the body.",
        "Model: On the head.",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Spanish Oak, Sapelly.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ipe, Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black Guayacán, Rosewood, Wenge , Tiger Wood, Erable,  Bubinga, Dabema, Spanish Oak, Hard Maple, Cocobolo, Ipe, Bosse, American Oak, Pau Ferro, Zrebrawood, Black Guayacane, Purple Wood, Curly Maple, Curly Maple."
    ],
    [

        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Bartolini, Delano, di Marzio, Bass Lines, EMG.",
        "Pre-amps: Bartolini, Aguilar. EMG, MEC."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Finish: Black, Chrome.",
        "Slappbar: (Metal bar at the end of the neck to improve the \"slap\")."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural Sstin. Bright Natural Satin, Gloss, Carnaolva."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Fretless, 5 Strings, 6 Strings."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flight case: Aluminium. Custom.",
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---
