_basses/dhune.md, before:

---
layout: guitar
title: Dhüne
model: Dhüne
permalink: /basses/dhune
url: /basses/dhune
mainImg: /assets/img/basses/dhune_iv.png
height: 100px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid Body – Fretted.",
        "System: “Bolt-on-neck”.",
        "Number of strings: 4",
        "Machine head configuration: 2+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 2 Pickups: 2 Humbuckers Soap bar Type."
    ],    
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 7 points",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Head: Graphite, Hard Maple and African Blackwood. Reinforced to avoid breaks. (Picture - See options)",
        "Frets: 24 jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Hard Maple. (Picture – See options)",
        "Top: African Blackwood (Picture – See options)",
        "Ergonomic molded body (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Active and Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 Passive Delano SBC 4 HE/S Soap bar.",
        "Equalization: Three band active preamp 3 MS Sonar by Delano. (Option: Mini-switches to change the middle frequencies).",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises.",
        "Female: Security locking Neutrik jack ¼” NJ3FP6C."
    ],
    [
        "PREAMP SONAR 3 MS SPECIFICATIONS",
        "Input impedance: >1 MOhm>.",
        "Output impedance: 100 Ohm.",
        "Signal-to-noise ratio: -98db.",
        "Operating Voltage: +9V.",
        "Power consumption: 0,8mA."
    ],
    [
        "FRECUENCIES",
        "Bass: 40Hz.",
        "Middle options: 300Hz, 500 Hz, 800 Hz.",
        "Treble: 6, 5 KHz."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1. (Push/Pull - Active/Passive)",
        "Pickups Selector: 1 Balance.",
        "Bass: 1.",
        "Middle: 1.",
        "Treble: 1.",
        "2 mini switches  (1 Single/Double coil – 1 Phase/Out of phase) (Optional: Micro-switches to change the middle frequencies)."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Machine head: Auto-lubricated Mini by Schaller.",
        "Bridge: ABM 3705.",
        "Pickups Setting: Direct to the body (Floating)",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed Knobs by Schaller. ",
        "Strap locks Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Strings setting: Direct to the bridge"
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 34” (863,600 mm.)",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Radius: 16” (406,400 mm.)",
        "Nut width: 1, 62” (41, 148 mm.)",
        "Depth at first fret: 0,75” (19,05 mm.)",
        "Depth at 12th fret: 0,84” (22,86 mm.)",
        "Heel width: 2, 40” (60, 96)",
        "Total length: 43, 86” (1.114 mm.)",
        "Maximum width: 13, 19” (335 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 77” (45 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2, 36”” (60 mm.)",
        "Weight: 4,80 Kg. (10,58 lb) (Depending on the materials) (Picture)."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Finish: Natural satin. (Picture – See options)",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH.",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent Type",
        "Brand: Engraved.",
        "Name of the brand: Engraved on the body.",
        "Model on the head.",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: African Padauk, Zebrawood, Curly Cherry, Swamp Ash, Rosewood, Mahogany, Ovangkol, Spanish Walnut,Tali American Walnut, Curly maple, Norway Maple, African Tigerwood, Hackberry, Toum,  Wenge, Bubinga, Hard Maple, Flamed Maple, Sapelly.",
        "Top: African Blackwood, Ipe, Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black Guayacán, Rosewood, Wenge , Tigerwood, Kevazingo, Bubinga, Cocobolo, Bosse, American Walnut, Spanish Walnut, Snakebean. Purple Wood, Curly Maple, Flamed Maple, Amaranth."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Bartolini, Delano, MEC, Bass Lines, EMG.",
        "Pre-amps: Bartolini, Aguilar. EMG."
    ],                   
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Finish: Black, Chrome.",
        "Slappbar: (Metal bar at the end of the neck to improve the “slap”)."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural Satin. Bright Natural Satin, Gloss, Carnaolva."
    ],                                                                                                                       
    [
        "NECK",
        "Fretless."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Optima. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound."
    ],                       
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flightcase: Aluminium. Custom."
    ],                                                    
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---

Commit message:

Add description and woods stack

_basses/dhune.md, after:

---
layout: guitar
title: Dhüne
model: Dhüne
description: Classic in concept, different in aesthetics, formidable in behaviour. The Dhûne is an instrument of unquestionable personality. It is a Weisse Hügel
permalink: /basses/dhune
url: /basses/dhune
mainImg: /assets/img/basses/dhune_iv.png
height: 100px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid Body – Fretted.",
        "System: “Bolt-on-neck”.",
        "Number of strings: 4",
        "Machine head configuration: 2+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 2 Pickups: 2 Humbuckers Soap bar Type."
    ],    
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 7 points",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel).",
        "Head: Graphite, Hard Maple and African Blackwood. Reinforced to avoid breaks. (Picture - See options)",
        "Frets: 24 jumbo. Stainless Steel.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side and fret board).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Hard Maple. (Picture – See options)",
        "Top: African Blackwood (Picture – See options)",
        "Ergonomic molded body (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Active and Passive.",
        "Pickups: 2 Passive Delano SBC 4 HE/S Soap bar.",
        "Equalization: Three band active preamp 3 MS Sonar by Delano. (Option: Mini-switches to change the middle frequencies).",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises.",
        "Female: Security locking Neutrik jack ¼” NJ3FP6C."
    ],
    [
        "PREAMP SONAR 3 MS SPECIFICATIONS",
        "Input impedance: >1 MOhm>.",
        "Output impedance: 100 Ohm.",
        "Signal-to-noise ratio: -98db.",
        "Operating Voltage: +9V.",
        "Power consumption: 0,8mA."
    ],
    [
        "FRECUENCIES",
        "Bass: 40Hz.",
        "Middle options: 300Hz, 500 Hz, 800 Hz.",
        "Treble: 6, 5 KHz."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1. (Push/Pull - Active/Passive)",
        "Pickups Selector: 1 Balance.",
        "Bass: 1.",
        "Middle: 1.",
        "Treble: 1.",
        "2 mini switches  (1 Single/Double coil – 1 Phase/Out of phase) (Optional: Micro-switches to change the middle frequencies)."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Machine head: Auto-lubricated Mini by Schaller.",
        "Bridge: ABM 3705.",
        "Pickups Setting: Direct to the body (Floating)",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed Knobs by Schaller. ",
        "Strap locks Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Strings setting: Direct to the bridge"
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 34” (863,600 mm.)",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Radius: 16” (406,400 mm.)",
        "Nut width: 1, 62” (41, 148 mm.)",
        "Depth at first fret: 0,75” (19,05 mm.)",
        "Depth at 12th fret: 0,84” (22,86 mm.)",
        "Heel width: 2, 40” (60, 96)",
        "Total length: 43, 86” (1.114 mm.)",
        "Maximum width: 13, 19” (335 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 77” (45 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 2, 36”” (60 mm.)",
        "Weight: 4,80 Kg. (10,58 lb) (Depending on the materials) (Picture)."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Finish: Natural satin. (Picture – See options)",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH.",
        "Exclusive WH strap and cloth.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent Type",
        "Brand: Engraved.",
        "Name of the brand: Engraved on the body.",
        "Model on the head.",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: African Padauk, Zebrawood, Curly Cherry, Swamp Ash, Rosewood, Mahogany, Ovangkol, Spanish Walnut,Tali American Walnut, Curly maple, Norway Maple, African Tigerwood, Hackberry, Toum,  Wenge, Bubinga, Hard Maple, Flamed Maple, Sapelly.",
        "Top: African Blackwood, Ipe, Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black Guayacán, Rosewood, Wenge , Tigerwood, Kevazingo, Bubinga, Cocobolo, Bosse, American Walnut, Spanish Walnut, Snakebean. Purple Wood, Curly Maple, Flamed Maple, Amaranth."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Bartolini, Delano, MEC, Bass Lines, EMG.",
        "Pre-amps: Bartolini, Aguilar. EMG."
    ],                   
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Finish: Black, Chrome.",
        "Slappbar: (Metal bar at the end of the neck to improve the “slap”)."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural Satin. Bright Natural Satin, Gloss, Carnaolva."
    ],                                                                                                                       
    [
        "NECK",
        "Fretless."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "D’Addario. Optima. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound."
    ],                       
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flightcase: Aluminium. Custom."
    ],                                                    
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---
