_basses/redemption.md, before:

---
layout: guitar
title: Redemption
model: Redemption
permalink: /basses/redemption
url: /basses/redemption
mainImg: /assets/img/basses/redemption.png
height: 130px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body - Fretless.",
        "System: \"Bolt-on-neck\".",
        "Number of strings: 4.",
        "Machine head configuration: 2+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 1 Single coil + 1 Soap bar."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Fretless.",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel). ",
        "Head: Graphite, Zebrawood and Wenge.  Reinforced to avoid breaks (Picture - See options)",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Zebrawood. (Picture – See options)",
        "Top: Zebrawood. (Picture – See options)",
        "Sandwich: Wenge. (Picture – See options)",
        "Ergonomic molded body. (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Active and Passive.",
        "Pickups: 1 JSBC4 \"Twin coil in line\" by Delano + 1 Soap bar Bartolini (See options)",
        "Equalization: Three band active preamp 3 MS Sonar by Delano, plus custom low-pass filter. (Option: Mini-switches to change the middle frequencies).",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼\".",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises.",
        "Easy open battery compartment."
    ],
    [
        "PREAMP SONAR 3 MS SPECIFICATIONS ",
        "Input impedance: >1 MOhm>.",
        "Output impedance: 100 Ohm.",
        "Signal-to-noise ratio: -98db.",
        "Operating Voltage: +9V.",
        "Power consumption: 0,8mA."
    ],
    [
        "FRECUENCIES",
        "Bass: 40Hz.",
        "Middle options: 300Hz, 500 Hz, 800 Hz.",
        "Treble: 6, 5 KHz."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1. (Push/Pull - Active/Passive)",
        "Pickups Selector: 1 Balance.",
        "Bass: 1. ",
        "Middle:1.",
        "Treble: 1.",
        "Low pass filter: 1. (Optional: Micro-switches to change the middle frequencies)."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Nut: Graph Tech",
        "Machine head: Auto-lubricated Mini by Schaller. ",
        "Bridge: ABM 3704.",
        "Pickups Setting: Direct to the body (Floating)",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed Knobs by Schaller.",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Strings setting:  Direct to the bridge.",
        "Slappbar: (Metal bar at the end of the neck to improve the \"slap\")."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 34\" (863,600 mm.)",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm.)",
        "Nut width: 2, 0625\" (52, 3875 mm.)",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75\" (19, 0500 mm.)",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0, 84\" (21,3360 mm.) ",
        "Heel width: 3, 375\" (85, 7250 mm.)",
        "Total length: 35, 826\" (910 mm.) ",
        "Maximum width: 12, 4\" (315, 00 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 77\" (45 mm.) ",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 1, 89\"\" (48 mm.)",
        "Weight: 5,60 Kg. (12, 35 lb) (Depending on the materials) (Picture)."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Finish: Natural Satin. (Picture – See options)",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH.",
        "Strap and cleaning cloth: Exclusive WH.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent Type",
        "Logo: Silver.",
        "Brand: Engraved on the body.",
        "Model on the head",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Curly Cherry, Ash, Rosewood, Mahogany, Ovangkol, Spanish Oak, American Oak, Curly maple, Dabema, Wenge, Hackberry, Aliso, Hard Maple, Bubinga, Erable, Dabema, Flamed Maple, Sapelly.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ipe, Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black Guayacán, Mango, Rosewood, Wenge , Tiger Wood, Erable, Bubinga, Hard Maple, Cocobolo, Bosse, American Oak, Pau Ferro. Purple Wood. Curly Maple. Flamed Maple."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Bartolini, Delano, MEC, di Marzio, Bass Lines, EMG.",
        "Pre-amps: Bartolini, Aguilar. EMG."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Finish: Black, Chrome."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural Satin. Bright Natural Satin, Gloss, Carnaolva."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "Type: Flat wound – Round wound – Half Round.",
        "D’Addario. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flightcase: Aluminium. Custom."
    ],            
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---

Commit message:

Add description and woods stack

_basses/redemption.md, after:

---
layout: guitar
title: Redemption
model: Redemption
description: Surprisingly ductile, the Redemption, is much more than a fretless bass. Its neck, the "Slappbar" and its electronics make it an out of the ordinary bass
permalink: /basses/redemption
url: /basses/redemption
mainImg: /assets/img/basses/redemption.png
height: 130px
specifications: [
    [
        "SYSTEM",
        "Type: Solid body - Fretless.",
        "System: \"Bolt-on-neck\".",
        "Number of strings: 4.",
        "Machine head configuration: 2+2.",
        "Electronic configuration: 1 Single coil + 1 Soap bar."
    ],
    [
        "NECK",
        "Neck: Mono-block. Graphite composite.",
        "Fretless.",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Neck setting: 5 points",
        "Neck setting system: Weiss/set with isolation to avoid cancellation frequencies (Pat).",
        "Truss rod: Adjustable (Option: Titanium and steel). ",
        "Head: Graphite, Zebrawood and Wenge.  Reinforced to avoid breaks (Picture - See options)",
        "Nut: Graph Tech.",
        "Inlays: White dods (Side).",
        "Inserted metal threads to encase the neck to the body. (This allows the disassembling so many times as necessary without damaging the neck)."
    ],
    [
        "BODY",
        "Body: Zebrawood. (Picture – See options)",
        "Top: Zebrawood. (Picture – See options)",
        "Sandwich: Wenge. (Picture – See options)",
        "Ergonomic molded body. (Pat)"
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Type: Active and Passive.",
        "Pickups: 1 JSBC4 \"Twin coil in line\" by Delano + 1 Soap bar Bartolini (See options)",
        "Equalization: Three band active preamp 3 MS Sonar by Delano, plus custom low-pass filter. (Option: Mini-switches to change the middle frequencies).",
        "Female: Security Locking Neutrik. NJ3FP6C jack ¼\".",
        "Body grounded to avoid static noises.",
        "Easy open battery compartment."
    ],
    [
        "PREAMP SONAR 3 MS SPECIFICATIONS ",
        "Input impedance: >1 MOhm>.",
        "Output impedance: 100 Ohm.",
        "Signal-to-noise ratio: -98db.",
        "Operating Voltage: +9V.",
        "Power consumption: 0,8mA."
    ],
    [
        "FRECUENCIES",
        "Bass: 40Hz.",
        "Middle options: 300Hz, 500 Hz, 800 Hz.",
        "Treble: 6, 5 KHz."
    ],
    [
        "CONTROLS",
        "Volume: 1. (Push/Pull - Active/Passive)",
        "Pickups Selector: 1 Balance.",
        "Bass: 1. ",
        "Middle:1.",
        "Treble: 1.",
        "Low pass filter: 1. (Optional: Micro-switches to change the middle frequencies)."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Nut: Graph Tech",
        "Machine head: Auto-lubricated Mini by Schaller. ",
        "Bridge: ABM 3704.",
        "Pickups Setting: Direct to the body (Floating)",
        "Knobs: Metallic. Speed Knobs by Schaller.",
        "Strap locks: Dunlop Flush mount 1401-n.",
        "Strings setting:  Direct to the bridge.",
        "Slappbar: (Metal bar at the end of the neck to improve the \"slap\")."
    ],
    [
        "WEIGHT & SIZES",
        "Scale: 34\" (863,600 mm.)",
        "Shape: Oval.",
        "Radius: 16\" (406,400 mm.)",
        "Nut width: 2, 0625\" (52, 3875 mm.)",
        "Depth at first fret: 0, 75\" (19, 0500 mm.)",
        "Depth at 12 th fret: 0, 84\" (21,3360 mm.) ",
        "Heel width: 3, 375\" (85, 7250 mm.)",
        "Total length: 35, 826\" (910 mm.) ",
        "Maximum width: 12, 4\" (315, 00 mm.)",
        "Maximum thickness: 1, 77\" (45 mm.) ",
        "Maximum thickness with knobs: 1, 89\"\" (48 mm.)",
        "Weight: 5,60 Kg. (12, 35 lb) (Depending on the materials) (Picture)."
    ],
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "Finish: Natural Satin. (Picture – See options)",
        "Bag: Exclusive WH.",
        "Strap and cleaning cloth: Exclusive WH.",
        "Cable: Schulz. Neutrik. Silent Type",
        "Logo: Silver.",
        "Brand: Engraved on the body.",
        "Model on the head",
        "Limited warranty: 10 years."
    ],
    [
        "WOOD",
        "Body: Padouk, Zebrawood, Curly Cherry, Ash, Rosewood, Mahogany, Ovangkol, Spanish Oak, American Oak, Curly maple, Dabema, Wenge, Hackberry, Aliso, Hard Maple, Bubinga, Erable, Dabema, Flamed Maple, Sapelly.",
        "Top: Grenadilla (African Blackwood), Ipe, Ebony Makassar, Green Guayacán, Black Guayacán, Mango, Rosewood, Wenge , Tiger Wood, Erable, Bubinga, Hard Maple, Cocobolo, Bosse, American Oak, Pau Ferro. Purple Wood. Curly Maple. Flamed Maple."
    ],
    [
        "ELECTRONICS",
        "Pickups: Bartolini, Delano, MEC, di Marzio, Bass Lines, EMG.",
        "Pre-amps: Bartolini, Aguilar. EMG."
    ],
    [
        "HARDWARE",
        "Finish: Black, Chrome."
    ],
    [
        "FINISH",
        "Natural Satin. Bright Natural Satin, Gloss, Carnaolva."
    ],
    [
        "STRINGS",
        "Type: Flat wound – Round wound – Half Round.",
        "D’Addario. Elixir. GHS. Rotosound."
    ],
    [
        "TRANSPORT",
        "Flightcase: Aluminium. Custom."
    ],            
    [
        "OTHERS",
        "GPS"
    ]
]
---
